+++
date = 2019-12-03T00:00:00 
title = "The role of listening effort in second-language speech processing"
time_start = 2019-12-03T00:00:00
time_end = 2019-12-03T00:00:00
abstract = "Understanding second-language speech can be challenging, especially in realistic listening environments. However, very little is known about how increased listening effort in these conditions affects speech processing. In this talk, I will introduce our experimental paradigm using electroencephalography (EEG) and analysis techniques that are used to examine online processes of speech recognition at multiple levels. I will then present data from three studies which examined speech processing by native and non-native listeners in various listening conditions (e.g., competing-talker environments) using these methods. The results will show differences and similarities in the ways native and non-native listeners modulate auditory and linguistic processes in response to the demands of the listening conditions, and highlight that listening effort can play an important role in speech processing in challenging listening environments."
abstract_short = ""
event = "Invited Talk. Colloquium in Dept. of Linguistics at Seoul National University"
authors = ["Jieun Song"]
#event_url = "https://example.org"
location = "Seoul, South Korea"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
#projects = ["Korean prosody.md"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
#caption = "My caption :smile:"

#Embed your slides or video here using [shortcodes](https://sourcethemes.com/academic/post/writing-markdown-latex/). Further details can easily be #added using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code.
+++

